
The state of Utah, despite other restrictions, the state allows private insurance coverage for cases where abortion is necessary to save the pregnant person's life: True.
The state of Utah allows private insurance coverage for cases when the pregnant person's faces a "substantial and irreversible impairment of a major bodily function": Major Bodily Function.
The state of Utah allows private insurance coverage for cases when the fetus has a lethal fetal anomaly: Lethal fetal anomaly.
The state of Utah allows private insurance coverage for cases of rape or incest: Lethal fetal anomaly.
The state of Utah, despite other restrictions, the state allows exchange insurance coverage for cases where abortion is necessary to save the pregnant person's life. Exchange plans refer to health plans offered in the state's Health Care Exchange that was established under the federal Affordable Care Act. The federal ACA law included a provision that encouraged states to adopt abortion coverage restrictions: True.
The state of Utah, despite other restrictions, the state allows exchange insurance coverage for cases when the pregnant person's faces a "substantial and irreversible impairment of a major bodily function" or other serious impacts on "physical" health. Exchange plans refer to health plans offered in the state's Health Care Exchange that was established under the federal Affordable Care Act. The federal ACA law included a provision that encouraged states to adopt abortion coverage restrictions: Major Bodily Function.
The state of Utah, despite other restrictions, the state allows exchange insurance coverage for cases when the fetus has a lethal fetal anomaly. Exchange plans refer to health plans offered in the state's Health Care Exchange that was established under the federal Affordable Care Act. The federal ACA law included a provision that encouraged states to adopt abortion coverage restrictions: Lethal fetal anomaly.
The state of Utah, despite other restrictions, the state allows exchange insurance coverage for cases of rape or incest. Exchange plans refer to health plans offered in the state's Health Care Exchange that was established under the federal Affordable Care Act. The federal ACA law included a provision that encouraged states to adopt abortion coverage restrictions: True.
The state of Utah allows Medicaid insurance coverage for cases where abortion is necessary to save the pregnant person's life (this is required by the Hyde amendment). Medicaid is a federal-state insurance program. Based on the Hyde amendment, states are required to use Medicaid funds to pay for abortion in cases of rape, of incest, or when the pregnant person's life is endangered; these are also the only circumstances in which federal Medicaid funds may be used to pay for abortion. Most states limit abortion coverage just to the Hyde amendment, though some states offer additional coverage (for example, when the pregnant person's health is at risk): True.
The state of Utah allows Medicaid insurance coverage for cases when the pregnant person's physical health is endangered. Medicaid is a federal-state insurance program. Based on the Hyde amendment, states are required to use Medicaid funds to pay for abortion in cases of rape, of incest, or when the pregnant person's life is endangered; these are also the only circumstances in which federal Medicaid funds may be used to pay for abortion. Most states limit abortion coverage just to the Hyde amendment, though some states offer additional coverage (for example, when the pregnant person's health is at risk): Physical.
The state of Utah allows Medicaid insurance coverage for cases of rape or incest (this is required by the Hyde amendment). Medicaid is a federal-state insurance program. Based on the Hyde amendment, states are required to use Medicaid funds to pay for abortion in cases of rape, of incest, or when the pregnant person's life is endangered; these are also the only circumstances in which federal Medicaid funds may be used to pay for abortion. Most states limit abortion coverage just to the Hyde amendment, though some states offer additional coverage (for example, when the pregnant person's health is at risk): True.
The date of this information is unknown.